1. Author's first, last name
Evgeniy Avdeev

2. Project name
Development of the international Internet-collection of opensource numerical modeling project templates with online sales possibility

3. Project scientific part
3.1 Scientific objectives of the project
The goal of the project is to accelerate processes modelling and development of mechanisms, to reduce the time and costs on numerical modeling and analysis.
The goal of the project will be achieved by creating a single library of template-projects of physical processes numerical modeling based on opensource software products.


3.2 Scientific novelty of the project
Mostly the results of calculations and the 3D models used in calculations are usually a commercial secret of enterprises. But is some cases calculation models can be shared without any restrictions.
There are currently no Internet portals containing an ordered archive of such projects templates, which allows users to share their projects.

4. Project commercial part
4.1 Project results application, potential consumers
The results of the project will be useful to anyone who deals with the design of complex technical devices or work with physical processes modelling: product design companies, scientific laboratories.

4.2 Existing analogs, competitors
Consulting companies, Official documentation internet portals, Unofficial documentation internet portals (for example http://openfoamwiki.net)

4.3 Implementation plan by stages, time to implement, cost
Fist stage: Search for the analysis of existing projects of numerical modeling on the Internet. 1 month
Number of employees, skills: 2 employee, open CAE (Computer-aided engineering) skills
2 employees, 5 days/week, 4 weeks, 8 hours, $15/hour => 2*5*4*8*15 = $4800 
Stage budget: $4800

Second stage: Structuring and cataloging the results. 1 month
Number of employees, skills:
Stage budget:

Third stage: Creation of the Internet portal, based on MediaWiki engine. 1 week
Number of employees, skills:
Stage budget:

Fourth stage: Adding project templates, filling out library pages, translating and formatting materials.
Goal: 1000 pages of documentation. About 50 projects 11 months
Number of employees, skills:
Stage budget:

Total time duration: 1 year
Total budget:
